
Derivatives is the finanacial instrument whose values depends on or derive from another asset. including futures,
            options, swaps, forwards, exotics. Transfering risk. could be traded in SE or Over the Counter (OTC)
            market. Underlying assets could be stock, currency, commodity, interest rates, debt instruments etc.
            
Options:   option is a contract which gives the buyer (the owner or holder) the right, but not the obligation, 
           to buy or sell an underlying asset or instrument at a specified strike price on or before a specified date,
           depending on the form of the option.
           Warrant: A warrant is a security that gives the holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy a 
           common share directly from the company at a fixed price for a pre-defined time period. 

Options vs Warrant: Warrants are issued by a specific company, while exchange-traded options are issued by an
          options exchange such as the Chicago Board Options Exchange. warrants have few standardized features.
          Warrants usually have longer maturity periods than options. While warrants generally expire in one to
          two years, and can sometimes have maturities well in excess of five years, options have maturities
          ranging from a few weeks or months to about a year or two. Warrants cause dilution because a company
          is obligated to issue new stock when a warrant is exercised


Futures:  Futures contract is an agreement that represents a specific quantity of the underlying commodity to be 
          delivered some time in the future for a pre-agreed price.

Forwards: A forward contract is a financial agreement in which the buyer agrees to pay the seller a predetermined
          price for a specified quantity of a commodity to be delivered at some point in the future
          
Arbitrage:
1. Suppose that:
The spot price of gold is US$1,400; The 1-year forward price of gold is US$1,500; The 1-year US$ interest rate is
5% per annum
The forward price should be 1400 * (1 + 5%) ^ 1 = 1470 < 1500. So short Forward. 
Borrow $1400 buy gold, and sell (short) 1-year forward. After 1 year. sell gold, return $1400 * 1.05, earn $30
2. The spot price of gold is US$1,400; The 1-year forward price of gold is US$1,400; The 1-year US$ interest rate
is 5% per annum
If you have gold, sell gold, buy 1-year forward, invest (lend) $1400, After 1 year, buy gold with forward.
earn 1400 * 0.05 = $70.

          
Futures vs Forwards: Futures are standarlized and traded in exchanges; Forwards are privately negociated and traded
          in OTC, so it has more credit risk to default. Futures has clearing housre(清算中心提供结算与交割) to guaranty
          the transactions. Also Futures has second markets to provide liquidity while Forward does not. Settlement
          of Forwards occurs at the end of contract, delivery of the asset usually take place. Futures settlement 
          can occur in a couple of dates and daily changes are settled day by day (futures positions are marked-to-market
          daily, with margins required to be posted and maintained by all participants at all times). futures contracts
          are quite frequently employed by speculators, who bet on the direction in which an asset's price will move,
          they are usually closed out prior to maturity and delivery usually never happens. 

Swaps:    Swap is a derivative in which two counterparties exchange cash flows of one party's financial instrument for
          those of the other party's financial instrument.

Exotics:  Other complex non-standard derivatives.

